Add toUint, toInt and hexToUint to Strings (#5166)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: .changeset/eighty-hounds-promise.md

---
'openzeppelin-solidity': minor
---

> `Strings`: Add `toUint`, `toInt` and `hexToUint` to parse strings into numbers.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Strings`: Add `toUint`, `toInt` and `hexToUint` to parse strings into numbers.
```

> `Strings`: Add `parseUint`, `parseInt`, `parseHex` and `parseAddress` to parse strings into numbers and addresses. Also provide variant of these function that parse substrings, and `tryXxx` variants that do not revert on invalid input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Strings`: Add `parseUint`, `parseInt`, `parseHex` and `parseAddress` to parse strings into numbers and addresses. Also provide variants of these functions that parse substrings, and `tryXxx` variants that do not revert on invalid input.
```
